the story starts with the ultimate
annihilation of a spaceship
power crystals also known as zeo
crystals
are sent by the alien zordon to find
such people capable of possessing such
power
because he is about to die at that
instant villain
rita wants to capture those crystals
suddenly a blast appears and it seems as
if everyone has died
and those crystals are buried over there
now the story has grown far where a boy
is shown irritating his class fellow
the main character jason appears and
saves that guy
the student being irritated is named
billy
jason and billy become good friends and
spent a lot of time together
one night they both go out camping in an
old mining field
where they catch up with another boy and
two girls
everyone sees lightning in the darkened
night
and they all become more curious they
find the same zeo crystals which zordan
alien had in the beginning
but they all are unaware of it at the
same time
mining field security appears and they
all succeed in escaping to their homes
carrying those crystals along with them
on the other side
we see some fishermen catching fish and
they also catch a body of a lady along
with fishes
this body is of rita who intends to
capture crystals from zordon at the
start of the story
in the very next scene when they wake up
in the morning
they all are holding powers which
accelerates their strength
and speed except for this they can also
jump very long
these guys get worried after this
scenario
and decide to go back to the same place
again
the fishermen complain police about the
dead body they found
as the policemen examined the dead body
of rita comes back to life
and follows towards the city after
killing that policeman
now these guys explore their powers and
carry out some basic training
they all then enter a spaceship buried
under the water
they are all in amazement and believe
that the crystals they discovered are
part of the spaceship
in this scene zorton appears in
computerized program form
and tells them if you have to find the
crystals
then you all are power rangers as i was
before
now you will safeguard these crystals
and planet earth
on the other side rita is out for gold
so as to complete her magic gold stick
because her gold stick possesses magic
which helps her awake her army
in this scene jason and other power
rangers are practicing fight
so that they could compete with rita
upon her return
now rita enters the gold shop and takes
some gold which helps her making her
gold stick
and when the police come there she
destructs everything and kills
everyone they all gather at the
spaceship for morphing
morphing is the process of gathering
thoughts for one cause
they all get a uniform those are given
red
yellow and blue in color this uniform
enhances their power
they could use bots which we will see
ahead
in this scene rita awakens up her army
and establishes a big robot from the
gold
now the power rangers approach there and
start fighting with them which is well
presented in the movie
the gold made robot approaches the city
and those all-power rangers flew in
their bots towards the city
to stop robots from destruction now the
power rangers merge all their bots
and construct a big robot that has huge
power
they all fight very well and defeat rita
and her joint robot and kill all her
army
the city has been shielded from a tragic
loss
after it power rangers have made a
pledge to save the planet in the future
please like share and subscribe if you
enjoyed the video